welcome to the i clarify tutorial on how
to use versions in mac OS 10 lion will
use text edit to demonstrate the new
feature launch text edit from your dock
or applications folder type some text
and save the file
click the file name in the title bar to
bring up the versions contextual menu
select lock from the menu then try to
add some text to the document
lion will warn you that the file is loft
and give you the option to unlock the
file or duplicate it click the cancel
button then click the title again and
select duplicate from the menu that
appears text edit will duplicate the
document save it by selecting save from
the file menu
add some text of the document then
select save a version from the file menu
add some more text then save a version
again
now let's click the title and choose
browse all versions from the menu
a time machine like interface will
appear with the current document on the
left and a stack of saved versions on
the right you can navigate through
previously saved versions by selecting
one from the stack or using the timeline
at the right of the screen
once you find the version you want to
revert to click the restore button
notice the text edit file has changed to
the version we selected add a little
more text and click the title again
select revert to last save version then
click last save version from the pop-up
menu to undo the Edit we just made
that's the basics of using versions
thanks for watching